1) CERTIFICATION PROCESS
2) EXAM LAB CONFIGURATION
3) UPLOAD THE REPORT
                             eCTHPv2 PRE-EXAM MANUAL

  I. CERTIFICATION PROCESS

     STEP 1: OBTAIN A VOUCHER

      Whether you are attempting the eCTHPv2 certification
      exam on your own, or after having attended one of our
      approved training courses, you will need to obtain a
      voucher before you can start your certification process.
      Once you obtain the voucher, you will receive login
      credentials to our Certification Area where you can manage the exam, VPN
      credentials, and anything related to the certification process—from the
      beginning through the electronic delivery of your certificate.

     STEP 2: BEGIN THE CERTIFICATION PROCESS

      Regular vouchers expire after 180 days from purchase.
      Infinity vouchers do not expire.
      Before the voucher expires, you will have to begin the certification process by
      clicking on the "Begin certification process" button inside the Exams tab of the
      member’s area.

      The expiration date will always be visible in your certification area and
      reminder emails are sent to make sure you take advantage of the voucher.

© 2020 Caendra Inc. | eCTHPv2 Pre-Exam Manual
                             eCTHPv2 PRE-EXAM MANUAL

     STEP 3: PERFORM YOU TESTS

      As soon as you click on the "Begin certification process" button, you will find
      the instructions regarding the scope of engagement.
      Specifically, you will come across a letter of engagement that will contain
      exactly what you should examine and how.
      At this point, you will start your threat hunting activities utilizing the provided
      data; take note of your findings and start creating your report.
      The dedicated exam network will be available to you 24/7 for 2 days.
      At any time, you will be the only one on the network. You will be able to reset
      the scenario, should you damage it during your examinations.
      You can also pause the lab and resume from where you left off by simply
      clicking the Start/Stop buttons in the Certification area, as you would with any
      other Hera Lab scenario.

     STEP 4: UPLOAD YOUR REPORT

      Once you have performed a comprehensive threat hunt, it's
      time to finalize documenting the threat identification steps.
      Familiarity with reporting activities is assumed, so no
      commercial-grade report will be required during the
      eCTHPv2 examination process. You will be required to
      thoroughly document how you identified each threat
      though, to prove your findings. For exact guidelines on how
      to construct your report, refer to sections 3 and 4 of the Letter of Engagement.
      Once completed, you will upload your report in PDF format for review. This
      must be done no later than 4 days from the beginning of the certification
      process (Step 2).

© 2020 Caendra Inc. | eCTHPv2 Pre-Exam Manual
                             eCTHPv2 PRE-EXAM MANUAL

     STEP 5: OBTAIN RESULTS

                                            One of our instructors will carefully review your
                                            report. If your findings, and your threat hunting
                                            skills are deemed sufficient to pass the exam, you
                                            will be granted the eCTHPv2 certification.
                                            Should you fail the first attempt, the instructor will
                                            provide you with valuable feedback. Armed with
                                            this information, you will have a free retake which
      you can use to perform your tests and upload a new report.
      The retake will commence the moment you view the instructor’s feedback, or
      automatically 14 days after it is received.
      As with your first attempt, you will be given another 2 days in which the exam
      lab network will be re-opened for further examinations.
      Similarly, a new report should be created and uploaded. Make sure you
      regularly consult with the timers in the Member’s area regarding the report-
      uploading deadline.
      Once you pass the exam, you will find your digital certificate immediately
      verified and downloadable.

© 2020 Caendra Inc. | eCTHPv2 Pre-Exam Manual
                             eCTHPv2 PRE-EXAM MANUAL

© 2020 Caendra Inc. | eCTHPv2 Pre-Exam Manual
                             eCTHPv2 PRE-EXAM MANUAL
 II. EXAM LAB CONFIGURATION

      The configuration of the exam lab is the same as the Hera for THP laboratories.
      If you don’t know how to configure properly the environment please refer to
      the document:

                                    Hera Manual

III. UPLOAD THE REPORT

      Once your Threat Hunt is complete, you can upload the report (pdf format) to
      the following box.

© 2020 Caendra Inc. | eCTHPv2 Pre-Exam Manual
